What!
50 I also heard these two days
Wu Limin has long been with Liang Shao of that grain group
Okay, and our family gave him the cemetery
He turned around and gave it to the grain group
Bitch, the food will be sacrificed to the ancestors tomorrow
To move their purpose to our house
Our family is an ancestral purpose
Besides, Dad is still there
How is that possible?
Never let them do this
Yes, brother has to think of a way
You said that our mother has kept our father for so long
If only Mom knew that Dad had been gone for so long
Someone took it out again
Then I'm afraid of him
It's Mom's fault
Really?
Mom has no face
I want to meet your father
I don't want the bride price.
But if they want to touch our cemetery
You have to step over my corpse
Dad, this is my new secretary
The cemetery of the world is what he passed on to me
Oh, she's a nice girl
Thank you for your appreciation
You are in prison
I still have a lot to learn from Liang Shao
Dad, the guests are almost here
We can start moving graves
start
Stop! Stop
Don't worry about him. Wow.